/**
 * file: karbytes_10_april_2024.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 07_APRIL_2024
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

karbytes_0: “I decided that, in KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_10, I will strive to only focus on engineering-oriented subject matter to the exclusion of social justice matters such as racism and sexism.”

karbytes_1: “Then people will assume that you are being white supremacist and sexist in favor of males (because the subject matter you want to focus on in this chapter is considered by many people to be exclusive towards non-white people and women).”

karbytes_0: “I disagree that the subject matter which I want to focus on in this chapter is favoritist towards any particular race or gender or that such subject matter is not something non-white people or women are able to participate and even excel in.”

karbytes_1: “Many people would insist otherwise. Therefore, you might want to make your content more deliberately and explicitly inclusive and appealing towards such racial and gender minorities. That way, you are likely to get more readership and community support and less hostility and censorship attempts directed at you by people other than yourself.”

karbytes_0: “Even though I might inspire fewer people to read my content and more people to try to sabotage my efforts to further my blog’s development and preservation if I go against what you advised, I value TRUTH very highly and hence prefer to make investigating how nature works beyond the scope of human culture (using logic, technology (especially computers), and rigorous investigation of empirical phenomena) the primary focus of my blog (in addition to showcasing timelessly appealing software applications I create which explore subjects I find interesting and relevant in the subjects of mathematics and physics).”

karbytes_1: “Many people are opposed to you flaunting your intellect (especially building those software applications). That is because such people tend to have less free time than you have to study and become as well versed in scientifically and technologically rigorous domains as you are and aspire to be. Such people think that it is unfair (and unjust) for you to be allowed to pursue your website development projects without their constant interference so that you do not advance faster and further than they are comfortable with you progressing (because they need to hold you back in order for them to catch up to you in terms of intellectual prowess).”

karbytes_0: “The mentality you described sounds like what I think is at the core of what is wrong with humanity at this time. Too may humans seem to be too underdeveloped in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics to be able to think on a systems level instead of merely at a primitive animalistic tribal level where emotional impulses instead of solution-finding logic seem to reign supreme and on a large-scale level. What I mean to say is that society has conditioned people to reinforce addicting and simultaneously oppressive norms which seem to prevent those people from doing little other than cleaning up the same types of messes ad infinitum and having babies (which are ultimately used as human trafficking victims). After sufficiently many cycles of such feverish madness, the human species will likely go extinct due to warfare and environmental toxicity and destabilization. This is not a social justice matter. This is an engineering problem for smart and motivated people to attempt to solve given what they have. I do not want to help humanity procrastinate on saving itself from its own self-inflicted demise. I am not interested in congratulating humans on doing the bare minimum required of them by their society in terms of survival and getting appraisal from their fellow humans. I am frankly not at all impressed by how lazy, mean, cowardly, and unintelligent seemingly most humans are. I have never and plan to never deploy coercive tactics in order to get humans other than myself to like me nor read my content. Unlike many of them, I do not deliberately try to upset people nor to prevent them from enjoying their lives (unless what they are doing is directly and immediately putting me in physical harm’s way or equivalent to them vandalizing my property).”

karbytes_1: “You sound like a misanthrope.”

karbytes_0: “I do not consider myself to particularly love nor hate humanity (and while I am on the subject of love (which I define as affection and desire experienced by some information processing agent for some object), I want to briefly mention a thought which I had earlier: if God is love, and God is ubiquitous, then love might as well be replaced by the word nothing. Also with that thought is the idea that what separates me from seemingly most Christians is that I would rather say that if there is a God, that ‘God is permissive of all things’ instead of saying that ‘God is all-loving’ because the latter is grossly anthropocentric and projecting of human conceit onto something which might be rather impersonal or indifferent to human concerns). I just feel the need to avoid most of them because many of them go out of their way to sabotage and/or micromanage what I am trying to do. Many of them (and most in my midst) seem to have at least as much free time and money as what I have (yet they still nevertheless seem hellbent on trying to control me instead of on minding their own business while not trying to control people other than themselves). Frankly, I think that some of the biggest oppressors of racial and gender minorities are members of those so-called marginalized populations. I think they would rather play victim and force others to do the same than level up their caliber of thinking and conduct because they are depressed and addicted to all the social perks of being mentally ill. It’s easier to be a depressed and hate-spewing bum than it is to be a tenaciously optimistic problem solver like I am.”

karbytes_1: “You’re such a braggart (and so not humble)!”

karbytes_0: “Yeah, I know. At least I have something to be genuinely proud of myself for. At least I don’t try to get an orgasm from trying to cripple or imprison others.”

karbytes_1: “You think people other than yourself are horrible; don’t you?”

karbytes_0: “Eh, it’s a mixed bag (the human population). I think more than ninety percent of humans on Planet Earth today (and who have ever lived on that planet thus far) live and think like mere animals and that fewer than ten percent of them seriously behave and think like engineers attempting to seriously help solve global and even local problems. I do have faith that the future-minded and solution-finding minority will help human civilization survive and thrive for many millennia to come (and they will do their work with or without social appraisal and with or without above-bare-minimum-to-survive financial compensation).”

karbytes: “It’s time to go. We have to wrap this conversation up now so that we can move on to the next part of our projects as efficiently as possible. We are officially done with the subject of social justice. We will now constrain our focus to science, technology, and metaphysics only (and personal logistics matters only as minimally as we deem necessary).”
