/**
 * file: karbytes_15_april_2024.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 10_APRIL_2024
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

karbytes_0: “If you were the only human being living inside of some alien universe while having everything you need to survive for an indefinitely long time, would you be able to live happily?”

karbytes_1: “Yes. I would probably spend most of my time meditating or doing my own scientific research and development of various art forms and practical inventions. I would treat my life like a prolonged and deeply immersive instance of playing the videogame named Minecraft and try to have fun exploring my world and building myself a little house (if not multiple of such houses) and other items which give me pleasure to behold or use.”

karbytes_0: “Some humans have said to me that they would not want to live without other human beings in their life whom they cared about and enjoyed the existence of.”

karbytes_1: “I am not one of those humans who claims that their happiness and will to live is contingent upon there being other human beings simultaneously alive with them who they enjoy the company of. Why did you bring that thought up?”

karbytes_0: “It may be the case that several human individuals other than karbytes are worried that karbytes is not sufficiently interested in bonding with humans other than karbytes and/or that karbytes is unable to thrive without humans other than karbytes placing limitations on karbytes’ behavior in an effort to coerce karbytes into conforming to those people’s ideas of social normativity (in order to ensure that everyone inhabiting their space (karbytes included) is living in accordance with the same sensibilities instead of being too divergent or unpredictable).”

karbytes_1: “karbytes has been accused of being too selfish to be considered a lawful citizen according to some humans. Such humans think that it is practically illegal to do anything outside of one’s home unless it is related to doing conventional routine errands, conventional personal upkeep, or having (conventional) fun with friends and family (but never while unaccompanied by such companion animals). (To be clear, by conventional, I mean in a manner which is deemed socially acceptable and normal by the local human populace).”

karbytes_0: “Those who think karbytes is a criminal merely for choosing to spend most of its time alone in public rather than with other people or while hiding inside a home or workplace, school, hospital, or correctional facility where other humans are present and setting the precedent for how karbytes ought to behave are legally entitled to complain to government authorities but those government authorities are not legally entitled to encroach upon karbytes’ freedom to spend most of its time alone in public unless karbytes is trespassing on private property (or public property with curfew hours and with restrictions upon what people are allowed to do in that area). Some people prefer that karbytes be detained on the spot and sent to prison, shipped out of town to a place which is too far away for karbytes to have the financial and logistical means to travel back to the detaining spot, or forced to stay confined to a small public space where other people can keep vigil over karbytes to ensure that karbytes does not do anything other than remain relatively idle and immobile (instead of doing things which those vigils have no involvement in such as writing a blog post or surfing the dark web). I think, in most cases (and especially the region where karbytes has generally been residing the past four years), law enforcement will not intervene in karbytes’ activities unless other people complain to those authorities about karbytes’ presence or activities (because karbytes has little interest in committing anything but petty non-violent crimes which do not cause any person other than karbytes any real inconvenience (and karbytes rarely commits even those petty crimes because most of what karbytes does is legal or is likely to become legal and also, according to karbytes, should be legal already)). For that reason, I advise karbytes to always stay on the move (i.e. not camp out in one spot for more than ten hours at a time and randomize where karbytes travels to) and avoid places where interventionist types are likely to be in high concentration. Some places (irregardless of population density) seem to be more low-key about what karbytes is doing than other places. As long as karbytes lives outside, karbytes has virtually limitlessly many options for where karbytes can go (which means that, if karbytes has trouble doing its thing in one location and at one time of day (week, et cetera), karbytes can try other locations and likely have success at doing its thing at those other places and/or times because the vigils are not likely to be constantly lording over the territories karbytes frequents).”

karbytes_1: “Isn’t it hard if not impossible for karbytes to get anything done if karbytes is constantly worried about getting intruded upon or told to leave, get detained, or get beat up? Isn’t it hard for karbytes to get anything done if karbtyes has to constantly be traveling from one location to another in order to avoid getting intruded upon, imprisoned, or physically assaulted (et cetera)?”

karbytes_0: “Even if karbytes stayed at its parents’ house, someone could potentially invade the house and attack karbytes or a meteor could stike karbytes through the roof. In other words, there is no location karbytes can go to which is guaranteed to be 100% safe from hazards to karbytes’ safety, happiness, and freedom. Therefore, it is most strategic for karbytes to have multiple backup hangout locations instead of just one. karbytes has been able to build the entire collection of websites named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com and Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com while living as a vagrant, social outcast, and abuse victim (and many people would say that such a feat should be impossible to achieve given the adversity karbytes has supposedly been under).”

karbytes_1: “karbytes thinks that almost every human being (and every other animal on Planet Earth) is subject to endless adversities though the severity of such adversities may vary between individuals and across the lifespan of individuals. Therefore, if any of those beings have accomplished anything impressive, those beings did so while undergoing some form of adversity. Hence, it should not be surprising that karbtyes has been able to create impressive works of art and accomplish other major milestones while undergoing adversity. karbytes wants to help dispel the idea that a human cannot be a successful creator, student, athlete, et cetera while undergoing adversity because such a myth seems to promote the idea that all a human can do while suffering adversity is stay relatively idle.”

karbytes_0: “Say that about someone who is full-body paralyzed or severely brain damaged.”

karbytes_1: “What makes a person conscious is what enables that person to derive any kind of value from its experiences. What such a person can do even in those extreme limitations is generate thoughts which may be assessed by that person as having value to that person and/or that person can practice mindfulness meditation awareness of sensory stimuli occurring in that person’s present-moment field of awareness and find pleasure and spiritual transcendence in such.”

karbytes_0: “How does merely paying attention to present-moment psychosomatic stimuli (or thoughts) enable spiritual transcendence?”

karbytes_1: “By spiritual transcendence, I mean a sense of being part of nature rather than cut off from nature. Simply basking in the knowledge that oneself is immutably part of the all-encompassing and spatially and temporally boundless whole shifts that person’s perspective from feeling finite and in pain to being part of something much grander than all of humanity and grander than all of the biosphere and grander than all of the known universe (which is comforting in contrast to feeling that all one has to turn to for a sense of transcendence beyond one’s individual self is membership with some species or group of individuals of that species).”
